hey guys it's Tony again and i know i
have an upload video for five days i
think i'm reading is five david button
because the midterm is coming up and
i'll be uploading video maybe a little
less than usual we'd be like once every
five six days and then but after me jump
down and promise i'll upload a lot more
and as you can already see i finally got
my pic mount it's got it like whoa not
actually meet my friend got it for me
just a few days ago then the guys wonder
why I never write dragon is because I
don't even get my pic of my hawk yet
that's why and this is a crack sell
video that I think some of you guys been
suggesting that i should do because like
the last video I taken down due to
copyright reason trixle has a quite a
bit of pre quest I would I wouldn't say
complicated but just a lot a lot of work
to do so I'm glad that it didn't get
reset for when Big Bang came out and
hopefully didn't get me that you don't
get reset when chaos come out because I
heard that you're gonna have to redo all
the time tempo quest again when chaos
comes out like just like when Big Bang
comes out and I hope that doesn't apply
to Craig so and cycle because I'm really
bad at Stockholm John quest I spent
three hours in there I just couldn't do
it just let my friend did it for me
gotta admit that usually it kind of put
off going to correct so because them
it's kind of far and it's not really in
a place where i usually go but in today
um i have had a loss joni desired goal
Craig sell anybody at the OMS will just
teleport to you pastor just you know
like one bird 42 stolen kind of thing so
yes well here I am killing Craig cells
and I don't really have much to talk
about today so I'm just gonna record
your frequently asking question part to
the super frequently asked question s
faq so I'm just gonna address some old
questions that I still get once in a
while okay so let's let's move on to the
first question this is a private server
no they look at GMS and how do you have
her body and sharp eyes is potential
systems if i've been out for a while now
you can get them if you have your pants
do you need to get hyper body and your
glow of low 120 plus two unique and you
have a chance to get sharp eyes and
where do you get your hair I get this
question very often thumb is the henesys
throw your hair
they have been I've been out for like
maybe four or five months now sorry
whether your hair comes out is a random
chance and you can get it and ok so this
and the recipe is a new question that
I've been getting it's okay let's sleep
how do you get to reverse the oblate
mast isn't only for do plate this is yes
is the Roberto blood mass but you have a
chance to get it from kerning ketchup on
um usually it takes me quite a bit
because i'm not i'm not very lucky so
usually take me 7200 to get just to get
one I know it sounds ridiculous but
usually people get it every 25 tickets
also on average okay next question
what's of what software do you use to
record my gameplay um I use fraps and
it's a full version don't ask me how I
get it then yeah so okay so next what
editing program do you use um usually as
you can already see I don't really edit
mushroom my video so usually I just use
the window movie maker just to record
the gameplay and i just put it there and
time and i narrate over it but in on
some video or like the epic damage time
and some other stuff that i kind of need
more amorim which we call it croppings
and editing iou Sony Vegas my combat is
really slow so really hard take a long
time to load up and stuff like that so
yeah those are the two editing program
that I used you don't have to use the
same one it really does time is up
options to use okay next are you Texas
um I'm 25 decks I guess that's count
somewhat ask decklist not like it really
matters anymore because the potential
system because I back then using scanned
I was like the or something like
that Joe Budden now it doesn't matter
anymore usually feel go for like
cravings at least a higher level cloud
just for better potential step so
decklist or not it doesn't really matter
anymore I guess it's good if you can't
afford it but it's okay if you can and
this is probably the last questions what
does 430 5 memes um this is a little
hard to explain okay let me ask you guys
system what does guest mean to your
guest is probably some of you guys want
the oast is a clothing store or
something like that red button if there
was no store name gasps gasps wouldn't
mean anything rather than just a word
guests say
thinking what I'm trying to do is I'm
trying to mix work we will find to your
brand and I guess that's what 4005 means
it doesn't really have a solid meaning
to it yet but it's kind of like a bread
I'm gonna try to branding it into you
know into something and yeah that's all
the questions that I could think of at
the moment if you guys have any
questions doesn't have to doesn't have
to be able maplestory or anything really
you can ask me and then I'll try to
cover it in the video or something like
that and the cracks out takes around
four minutes or so I am doing as I'm I
don't really have perfect control i
didn't really know where to stand and
stuff like that was the last time i was
here was a good year ago I didn't even
know how to get here in the first place
I kinda have to ask Joe need to bring me
here because I'm kind of got lost there
and then yeah that'll be the end of the
video I'll see you guys next time don't
forget to click like and subscribe i'll
see you guys